(c) 2008 Literal Technology
    
This software program ("the Program") is the
copyrighted work of Literal Technology. Any use,
reproduction or redistribution of the Program not in
accordance with the terms of this agreement is
expressly prohibited. 

All title, ownership, and intellectual property rights
in and to the Program and any and all copies thereof
are owned by Literal Technology. The Program is
protected by the copyright laws of the United States,
international copyright treaties and conventions, and
other laws. All rights are reserved.

You are entitled to use the Program for your own use,
but You are not entitled to sell or grant a security
interest in or transfer reproductions of the Program
to other parties in any way, nor to rent, lease, or
license the Program to others without the prior
written consent of Literal Technology.
    
Literal Technology expressly disclaims any warranty
for the Syslist Companion Agent. It is provided "as
is," without warranty of any kind, either express or
implied, including, without limitation, the implied
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose, or noninfringement. The entire
risk arising out of use or performance of the Syslist
Companion Agent remains with the you.

By clicking 'I Agree', you acknowledge that you have
read and agree with all the terms in this agreement,
and that you will abide by those terms. If you do not
understand ANY PART of this agreement, click 'Cancel'
and contact support@syslist.com for assistance."